Audio Native Blog Updates (#262)
elevenlabs/elevenlabs-docs: audio-native/framer.mdx

---
title: "How to set up an ElevenLabs audio player for your articles in Framer"
sidebarTitle: "Audio Native in Framer"
description: ""
---
Before adding Audio Native to Framer, you'll need to create & customize your player, whitelist your blog's domain, and copy your embed code. If you need help completing those steps, refer to our [Audio Native overview](https://elevenlabs.io/docs/audio-native/overview).

> Now that you've created & customized your Audio Native widget, navigate to Framer. Go to Site Settings in Framer and add the script tag from the ElevenLabs Embed Code to the section called: End of body tag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you've created & customized your Audio Native player, navigate to Framer. Go to Site Settings in Extract the <script> tag from the ElevenLabs Embed Code and add it to your Framer Site Settings in the field: End of <body> tag.
```

Worth being a little more explicit that they'll need to separate the div and script tags here.

<img height="200" src="/audio-native/images/framer_an_1.png" />

Now on your Framer blog page, add an Embed Element from Utilities. 

<img height="200" src="/audio-native/images/framer_an_2.png" />

> In the config for the Embed Element, switch the type to HTML and the <div/> snippet from the ElevenLabs Embed Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the config for the Embed Element, switch the type to HTML and the <div> snippet from the ElevenLabs Embed Code.
```

Nit, and I should have formatted it this way in my instructions.
